what's up guys it's brody hope you all
had a great week the first thing i want
to talk about is my trip down to
Australia on November um second I'll be
flying down to australia perth hanging
out down there for two weeks running
camps running clinics helping expand the
sport in Australia and doing what I love
so I'm super pumped about that if you're
anywhere near Perth definitely come by
if you want to know more about my trip
to Australia check out the link in the
description below we're really trying to
promote the sport not just you know in
the United States not just what I do but
you know all over the world so I'm
trying to put out videos of you know
people playing the Philippines people
playing and Prague people playing in
Singapore on canada all these different
places and all that's coming from your
guys's clips that you know you're
sending me and i really appreciate that
if you haven't checked it out Dane
Jorgenson he sent us a video of him
using a GoPro camera I think it's one of
coolest videos I've ever seen a link to
it right here you can click on that
check it out it blew up basically I mean
it's almost got thirty thousand hits in
the first week but a lot of that has to
do with the fact that you guys are
liking and favoriting the video how
YouTube works is every like and favorite
kind of bumps it up this chain the more
likes and favorites I can get all these
videos the more people are going to be
able to see them and that's what it's
all about we really want to get our
sport out there and let people see what
we do Dane I appreciate the video it's
pretty sick man and ball or so shout out
to you man appreciate it something I
want to let you guys know YouTube's
really hard for me to kind of answer all
your questions I know some of you guys
post in the comments on the videos some
of you guys send me messages through
YouTube it's not really step up in a way
for me to answer them or get back to
each and every one of you so if you do
have a question and it's something that
you really want me to answer and you
want me to actually see make sure you go
to my facebook page and post it on that
do that instead of youtube and if it's
something business for
planet there's an email address all my
youtube channel for that purpose so I
have some good news and some bad news
basically the bad news is bro tips if
you haven't you know checked recently I
haven't really posted of real tip and
some time and the reason for that is
because we got contacted by someone
saying that they have to trade mark for
the word we're no longer going to be
able to use the word bro tips for our
instructional videos good news is one of
you guys is going to help us come up
with a new name and we're really excited
about this so if you have a cool name
that you think we can use make sure you
post in the comments section I'm going
to be making sure that I read through
all the comments and hopefully someone
comes up with something really cool and
we can go with that and start up busting
out some more instructional videos for
you guys and getting your your game to
the next level also this week coming up
I'm gonna be doing some filming with a
another YouTube group I'm really excited
about this we've been you know talking
about it for some time now we finally
set a date and we're going to be filming
Monday and Tuesday it should be really
fun and I'm excited about it so be sure
to check that out in the upcoming weeks
so something that we're always trying to
find is great music to put on our high
videos but in the background of our
trick shot videos i'm not really
musically talented so i'm not coming up
with these beats or these songs if you
guys know anybody that makes music maybe
you make music yourself definitely send
us an email with when you got and we'll
check it out and like always will help
promote your music if we decide to use
it so i just want to give a quick shout
out to akshat i think is how you say his
name um he sent me a frisbee the other
day um for his buddy mark and Mark I
just want to say you got a good friend
there
hey Mark I hope you like that frisbee
that your buddy x at sent me yeah man
just enjoy it and really appreciate all
the support that you've given me quick
shout-out to chin from Malaysia he said
these are six shirts I'm wearing one
right now he also sent us these really
cool bumper stickers to that I guess you
fell analogies or whatever so I'll be
randomly giving these out I think I'm
probably going to use some of these just
to give away to some people but I mean
they are pretty sick um so appreciation
you're awesome man quick shout out to
dominika let you rock man appreciate all
the support and hope all is well bro and
if you're still watching this you were
one of my faithful fans and I appreciate
everything that you guys do for that I'm
going to be giving away these sweet 2011
champion shorts from Colorado cup
they're a little big so you know if
you're a tiny person I don't know what
to tell you we're gonna give these away
I'm gonna give it away to a random
subscriber and someone that also liked
and favorited this uh this video if you
want to tell the me in the comments why
I should give it to you you know let me
know but yeah i'll be seeing these out
later this week let's say let's go
wednesday so i'll give you guys into
Wednesday doing these shorts other than
that I think I cover everything if you
got questions remember post them on my
Facebook and yeah hopefully we can get
this bro tips thing solved make sure you
guys leave something the comments let us
know what we should call it instead of
bro tips and I can start busting out
some more of those and i think that's it
so until next time peace